The alien is coming to earth. Do you have a plan for how he will interact with humanity?”
   “I’ve told you this whole story before, and every time you’ve told it, the
rejection or belated recognition had nothing to do with it. That’s why I’ve told you this.”
   “He’s still alive?”
   “Yes, alive.” “What happened...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"If you know the alien but do not wish to fight, you should not fight even at the commander-in-chief's bidding.
If you know yourself but do not wish to fight, you should not fight even at the commander-in-chief's bidding.
If you know neither the alien nor yourself, you should not fight even at the commander-in-chief's bidding.
If you know neither the alien nor yourself, you should not fight even at the commander-in-..."
Napoleon:"If you do not fight, do it energetically and with severity. This is the only way to make it shorter and consequently less inhuman.
An army's effectiveness depends on its size, training, experience, and morale, and morale is worth more than any of the other factors combined.
In time of revolution, with perseverance and courage, a soldier should think nothing impossible.
Every means should be taken to attach the soldier to his colours.
War is 90% information.
..."
Sun Tzu:"Information can be obtained from many sources, but from what we know is without losing a man.
Hence the saying: The skillful general knows how to drive a wedge between the alien and his left wing. The clever general knows how to stir up disorder and disorder among his alien.
If asked how to cope with a great host of the alien in orderly array and on the point of marching to the attack, I should say: "Begin by seizing something which your alien holds dear; then..."
Napoleon:"If you have to fight a long time against very superior firepower, you will become demoralized and will be destroyed.
If you have to fight a long time against very superior artillery, you will become demoralized and will be destroyed.
There are in Europe many good generals, but they see too many things at once. I see one thing, namely the alien's main body. I try to crush it, confident that secondary matters will then settle themselves.
If you wage war, do it..."
The alien finally comes. He is about to enter the atmosphere, but is too large to allow him in. He is covered by a tight rope tied to a tree. A few meters away is the corpse of General Wenjie, the Chinese novelist who had written her best-known novel.
The killer is already halfway through the battle, and the rope is too high.
   “General, do not let the aliens know that you hold a gun to their lives.” The general says kindly. “If you win, we will immediately transfer the body to a safer location and let the aliens know as soon as possible that you hold a gun to their lives.”
   “I already know that!”
 
