The alien is coming to earth.” The captain of the Trans-Siberian Friendship Corps,
Elena Lambro, stood up from the sofa. “A Russian soldier has come to collect some
materials for a warband. We will be warriors.” She crossed her arms. “And now a
soldier is coming to collect some?”
   “I don’t know.” “But a soldier is a nation’s official representative in...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"With light infantry and cavalry, I would inspire your men with unity of purpose. With heavy armor and artillery, I would see that there is close connection between all parts of my army.
With artillery, I would try to ensure a continuous stream of passing cars. With medevac shields, I would try to ensure a constant stream of supplies.
With columns of cavalry, I would consolidate my alliances.
With chariots, I would consolidate my resources.
With assault weapons, I would..."
Napoleon:"I have destroyed the alien merely by marches.  He is gone forever.
If you wage war, do it energetically and with severity. This is the only way to make it shorter and consequently less inhuman.
An army's effectiveness depends on its size, training, experience, and morale, and morale is worth more than any of the other factors combined.
In time of revolution, with perseverance and courage, a soldier should think nothing impossible.
Every means should be taken..."
Sun Tzu:"The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the alien.
To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the alien is provided by the alien himself.
Thus the good fighter is able to secure himself against defeat, but cannot make certain of defeating the alien.
Hence the saying: One may know how to conquer without being able to do it.
Security against defeat implies defensive tactics;..."
Napoleon:"War is without doubt the sinews of an army; but if it has to fight a long time against very superior artillery, it will become demoralized and will be destroyed.
If you wage war, do it energetically and with severity. This is the only way to make it shorter and consequently less inhuman.
A soldier's effectiveness depends on his size, training, and morale, and morale is worth more than any of the other factors combined.
In time of revolution, with persever..."
The alien finally comes.   The  soldiers of old finally put their weapons away, and the battle lines were drawn more accurately. The
slaveryist invaders were able to take over the entire world, and the subjugation of the
alienated peoples began. The enslavement of the survivors was even more complete.
The civilized world has since been liberated from slavery. The people of that world have also been
liberated from slavery. In time of revolution, the subjugation of the
slaveryist invaders will take place. But the outcome will depend on many factors, such as the climate, the population,
the fortunes of the various nations, the interests of the various nations, the
needs and desires of the people of that world,
