The alien is coming to earth.”
   “What?” Wang asked. “The alien is coming to an end.”
   “I’ve told the Commander that I am going to the closest civilization in the universe.
We’ve got intel on a few of them, but nothing concrete. So we
can’t act until then.”
   Wang shook his head. “I’ve told the Commander that I am...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"Face him, and learn from him. Form his men, and learn from them.
If asked how to cope with an alien who tries to take advantage of your own men, I should say: "Begin by seizing something which your alien holds dear; then he will be amenable to your will."
Rapidity is the essence of war: take advantage of the alien's unreadiness, make your way by unexpected routes, and attack unguarded spots.
The following are the principles..."
Napoleon:"Always reserve to yourself every possible chance of success, more particularly if you have to deal with an adversary of superior talent, for if you are beaten, even in the midst of your magazines and your communications, woe to the vanquished!
Men soon get tired of shedding their blood for the advantage of a few individuals, who think they amply reward the soldiers perils with the treasures they amass.
The fate of a Nation may sometimes depend upon the position of a fortress.
An Emperor..."
Sun Tzu:"Form your troops into single pieces, and they will join you on the march; hold out specious allurements, and crush them.
Fight and conquer, and the soldiers will be scattered about the Empire.
The following are the principles to be observed by an invading force: The further you penetrate into a country, the greater will be the solidarity of your troops, and thus the defenders will not prevail against you.
Make forays in fertile country in order to supply your army with food..."
Napoleon:"The basic principle that we must follow in directing the armies of the Republic is this: that they must feed themselves on war at the expense of the alien territory.
The allies we gain by victory will turn against us upon the bare whisper of our defeat.
One bad general is worth two good ones.
In war, moral factors acount for three quarters of the whole; relative material strength accounts for only one quarter.
It should not be believed that a march of three or four days in..."
The alien finally comes. The Earth is one hundred and fifty-one years old, and the civilization that first brought us here is finally
here. The Earth is a precious resource. The benefit of civilization is to store it for future generations. We have no other choice, other than to protect it.
If the aliens can make a last stand and kill three or four men before we reach the surface, we have no other choice but to give them a last stand.
We stand with the men of the Republic, with all our hearts and our souls. We stand with the armies of the Republic, with all our souls and our
bodies.”                     
