The alien is coming to earth. - Dr. Daniel Jackson, U.S. Air Force

Retreat Plan [ edit ]

The base [ edit ]

The evacuation order from the base had been in place for some time, but now the evacuation order was
no longer in place. The evacuation order had started on September 24, and the evacuation order
had been in place for almost a month. Since the base had been sealed off, the
temperatures were always too high, and the radiation levels...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"In the operations of war, the best thing is to take the alien's country whole and intact; to shatter and destroy it is not so good. So, too, it is better to recapture an army entire than to destroy it, to capture a regiment, a detachment or a company entire than to destroy them.
Hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the alien's resistance without fighting.
Thus the highest form of generalship..."
Napoleon:"War is 90% information. . . . In reality it would seem that he is vanquished who is afraid of his adversary and the whole secret lies in the art of war.
In war, moral factors acount for 90% of the whole; relative material strength accounts for only one quarter.
It should not be believed that a march of three or four days in the wrong direction can be corrected by a countermarch. As a rule, this is to make two mistakes instead of one...."
Sun Tzu:"When invading hostile territory, the general is central and trustworthy; when he is outside, he is neglected.
If he is in hostile territory, he must retreat quickly without suffering any loss.
If he is in territory outside, he must attack with ease.
If he is in territory that is ripe for attack, but is lost and undefended, he must scramble again.
If he is in territory that is ripe for attack, but is lost and undefended, he must resort..."
Napoleon:"The general alone can judge of certain arrangements. It depends on him alone to conquer difficulties by his own superior talents and resolution.
When you have resolved to fight a battle, collect your whole force. Dispense with nothing. A single battalion sometimes decides the day.
When you determine to risk a battle, reserve to yourself every possible chance of success, more particularly if you have to deal with an adversary of superior talent, for if you are beaten, even in the midst of your magazines and your..."
The alien finally comes. He conquers the entire world and releases the Earth from the bonds of the Robins. He has also created a vast empire to rule over the world and for his own benefit. We ask that you accept this as our sincere apology.
                                                  18

         Three Body: Tao Teh
                           Three Body: Tao Teh is a Japanese science
