The alien is coming to earth. They have a
strong plan. Our military is prepared. We can mobilize all our forces to
defeate this evil.”
   “My plan is simple: We’ll defeat the alien invasion fleet and
liberate Earth from the clutches of the alien invaders.”
   “But we’ll never achieve this!”
   “We’ve always had plans to defeat the alien invasion fleet, but
...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"Begin by seizing something which your alien holds dear; then he will be amenable to your will."
The Goku brothers will be greatly benefited by your counsel.
The next day, when the soldiers have occupied their posts, they will be liberally rewarded with juice.
The next day, they will be whipped and served hot dogs; when they have gone to bed, they will be rough and weary.
If asked how to cope with a great host of the alien in orderly array and on..."
Napoleon:"Stand still, make use of the fire of your great artillery, prepare yourself for the next day, and you will teach him all your art of war.
When you have taught him all your art of war, he will teach you all your secrets.
You must not fight too often with one alien, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Soldiers are more valuable than ever before to the empires of the Pacific Rim.
In war, moral factors acount for three..."
Sun Tzu:"If we know that an army is in danger of being destroyed, but are unaware that the alien is not going to destroy it, we may prevent it from coming to a victory.
Hence, though an obstinate fight may be made by a small force, in the end it must be captured by the larger force.
Now the rule is, to concentrate all our available strength, while the alien is still far from capturing the key.
So, if you know that the alien is open..."
Napoleon:"Fight him no more than necessary, for if you are beaten, even in the midst of your magazines and your communications, woe to the vanquished!
Men soon get tired of shedding their blood for the advantage of a few individuals, who think they amply reward the soldiers perils with the treasures they amass.
The fate of a Nation may sometimes depend upon the position of a fortress.
An Emperor confides in national soldiers, not in mercenaries.
Unity of command is essential to..."
The alien finally comes. He is a cavalry officer of the rank of
division C, second only to that of the Huns.
   The two armies are in a stalemate, and the battle is taking place at
the foot of the mountain. The Huns have the upper hand, but the battle is taking place on the hills. The cavalry is the main threat.
The infantry are the only ones who are not already in a stalemate. The Huns have the upper hand, but the battle is taking place on the hills.
The cavalry is still the main threat, and the battle is taking place on the hills.
The infantry are the main threat.
   “You have a non-combatant army!”
