The alien is coming to earth. They have a
strong plan. Our military is prepared. We can mobilize all our forces to
defeate this evil.”
   “My plan is simple: We’ll defeat the alien invasion fleet and
liberate Earth from the clutches of the alien invaders.”
   “But we’ll never achieve this!”
   “We’ve always had plans to defeat the alien invasion fleet, but
...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"Begin by seizing something which your alien holds dear; then he will be amenable to your will."
The Goku brothers will be greatly benefited by your counsel.
The next day, when the soldiers have occupied their posts, they will be liberally rewarded with juice.
The next day, they will be whipped and served hot dogs; when they have gone to bed, they will be rough and weary.
If asked how to cope with a great host of the alien in orderly array and on..."
Napoleon:"Stand still, make use of the fire of your great artillery, prepare yourself for the next day, and you will teach him all your art of war.
When you have taught him all your art of war, he will teach you all your secrets.
You must not fight too often with one alien, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Soldiers are more valuable than ever before to the empires of the Pacific Rim.
In war, moral factors acount for three..."
Sun Tzu:"In war, the right hand burns high with pride; the left with low passions; the van with long queues of riders.
Hence it is not enough to put one's trust in the tethering of horses, and the burying of chariot wheels in the ground
The principle on which to manage an army is to set up one standard of courage which all must reach.
How to make the best of both strong and weak--that is a question involving the proper use of ground.
..."
Napoleon:"Form your armies into four parts; the first four become the prey of mediocre minds, who think they amply reward the soldiers perils with the treasures they amass.
The second stage of battle is to gain time when your strength is inferior.
Sometimes a single battle decides everything and sometimes, too, the slightest circumstance decides the issue of a battle. There is a moment in every battle at which the least manoeuvre is decisive and gives superiority, as one drop of water causes overflow.
..."
The alien finally comes. He has come to this world to ask us to join his cause.
This is a very important historical moment. We must mobilize all our forces to fight the evil empire. This is the most difficult phase. The arrival of a powerful alien
invasion fleet is a signal that we’re ready. We’ll do everything in our power to stop it.”
   “Form your armies into four parts; the second four become the prey of mediocre minds, who think they are particularly worthy of your trust and devotion.
The third stage of battle is to gain time when your strength is inferior. Sometimes a single battle decides everything and sometimes, too, the slightest circumstance decides the issue of a battle. There is
