The alien is coming to earth. We must stop any further aggression!”
   “Then the Earth will be destroyed.” The alien is now more powerful than before.
He’s bigger than the human one, but his number is still small, and his
description is certain.”
   “Then the Human World will be destroyed.”
   “Then the Three-Body Problem will be solved.” The Earth will be a peaceful,
aut...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"Begin by seizing something which your alien holds dear; then he will be amenable to your will."
The present leader of armies is the jewel of the kingdom; look at the offerings it makes to the Cross-Promotion Ceremony.
If our alien is willing to make a forward move, we may ensure victory. If not, we shall have to retreat.
If there is an outbreak of fire, we may protect ourselves; if there is a sudden appearance of fire, we may keep..."
Napoleon:"Stand firm, your soldiers, and you will teach him all your art of war.
Soldiers generally win battles; generals get credit for them.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
A revolution is an idea which has found its bayonets.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
You must not fear death,..."
Sun Tzu:"If you know that your alien is going to meet the alien unprepared, but are unaware that your own designs are not in alignment, you may well be able to defeat him.
If the alien is unprepared for your arrival, he will hasten to meet him.
If the alien is unprepared for your coming, he will send reinforcements packing.
If the alien is unprepared for your purpose, he will display the courage of a Chu or a Kuei.
The skillful tactician may..."
Napoleon:"The general alone can judge of certain arrangements. It depends on him alone to conquer difficulties by his own superior talents and resolution.
When you have resolved to fight a battle, collect your whole force. Dispense with nothing. A single battalion sometimes decides the day.
When you determine to risk a battle, reserve to yourself every possible chance of success, more particularly if you have to deal with an adversary of superior talent, for if you are beaten, even in the midst of your magazines and your..."
The alien finally comes. He’s tall, muscular, and strong-willed. He is like a giant shield, covering his entire body.
He greets you with a display case, and you can see that it is a large piece of metal. His arm is encased in it. He holds the case open and closes, as though you had just found it.
You can see that it has a silver lining: It is a shield from a powerful electromagnetic radiation.
The alien, who looks like an invisible wall, is tall, muscular, and strong-willed. His appearance is like that of a giant statue, protected by a protective metal shell.
He speaks in a commanding tone, like one of those generals who always seems to have...
