The alien is coming to earth. They have a
strong plan. Our military is prepared. We can mobilize all our forces to
defeate this evil.”
   “My plan is simple: We’ll defeat the alien invasion fleet and
liberate Earth from the clutches of the alien invaders.”
   “But we’ll never achieve this!”
   “We’ve always had plans to defeat the alien invasion fleet, but
...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"He will conquer who has learnt the artifice of deviation."
The better men will cooperate in his quest, the shinier will be the threads of your empire, and the raggedier will be the pockets of your kingdom.
If you know that the alien is open to attack, but are unaware that your own men are not in a condition to attack, then you must fight with his men no more.
If you know that the alien is open to attack, but are unaware that your..."
Napoleon:"The odds are against you; surrender!
You must not fight too often with the alien, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Soldiers generally win battles; generals get credit for them.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
A revolution is an idea which has found its bayonets.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than..."
Sun Tzu:"To lift an armful of men, and to throw them into hiding is not impossible."
Hence the saying: The prudent leader subdues the alien. The right man puts his trust in the tethering of the left.
To lift an armful of men, and to throw them into hiding is not impossible."
Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained; fight not unless the position is critical.
No man, however wise..."
Napoleon:"The general alone can judge of certain arrangements. It depends on him alone to conquer difficulties by his own superior talents and resolution.
When you have resolved to fight a battle, collect your whole force. Dispense with nothing. A single battalion sometimes decides the day.
When you determine to risk a battle, reserve to yourself every possible chance of success, more particularly if you have to deal with an adversary of superior talent, for if you are beaten, even in the midst of your magazines and your..."
The alien finally comes. He lures the soldiers into his fold and makes them lie back down on the earth. By the time he comes, the soldiers have all fallen.
“This is General Zhang, we’ve greeted you.”
   “Thank you,” General Zhang said. “I heard that you were planning to become a
soldier.”
   “It’s a very important point.”
   “Yes, it is a very important point.”
   “A very important point, Sir.”
   “I’ve told all my lieutenants that I am a soldier. And I am prepared to
