The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principles which direct them.
There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest.
Power is my mistress. I have worked too hard at her conquest to allow anyone to take her away from me.
A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
You must not fight too often with one alien, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Soldiers generally win battles; generals get credit for them.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
A revolution is an idea which has found its bayonets.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
You must not fear death, my lads; defy him, and you drive him into the alien's ranks.
Doctors will have more lives to answer for in the next world than even we generals.
Read over and over again the campaigns of Alexander, Hannibal, Caesar, Gustavus, Turenne, Eugene and Frederic. ... This is the only way to become a great general and master the secrets of the art of war.
In war, groping tactics, half-way measures, lose everything.
The fate of a battle is the result of a moment, of a thought: the hostile forces advance with various combinations, they attack each other and fight for a certain time; the critical moment arrives, a mental flash decides, and the least reserve accomplishes the object.
If the art of war were nothing but the art of avoiding risks, glory would become the prey of mediocre minds.... I have made all the calculations; fate will do the rest.
Revolutions are good times for soldiers of talent and courage.
In war, the moral element and public opinion are half the battle.
In war, the general alone can judge of certain arrangements. It depends on him alone to conquer difficulties by his own superior talents and resolution.
When you have resolved to fight a battle, collect your whole force. Dispense with nothing. A single battalion sometimes decides the day.
When you determine to risk a battle, reserve to yourself every possible chance of success, more particularly if you have to deal with an adversary of superior talent, for if you are beaten, even in the midst of your magazines and your communications, woe to the vanquished!
Men soon get tired of shedding their blood for the advantage of a few individuals, who think they amply reward the soldiers perils with the treasures they amass.
The fate of a Nation may sometimes depend upon the position of a fortress.
An Emperor confides in national soldiers, not in mercenaries.
Unity of command is essential to the economy of time. Warfare in the field was like a siege: by directing all one's force to a single point a breach might be made, and the equilibrium of opposition destroyed.
War must be made as intense and awful as possible in order to make it short, and thus to diminish its horrors.
War is like government, a matter of tact.
Much shedding of blood, many great actions, and triumphs, toil and perseverance are the end of all things human.
The worse the troops the greater the need of artillery.
My generals are a parcel of post inspectors.
I have destroyed the alien merely by marches.
Great battles are won with artillery.
In war as in love, to bring matters to a close, you must get close together.
Generals who save troops for the next day are always beaten.
An army which cannot be regularly recruited is a doomed army.
The art of war is to gain time when your strength is inferior.
Sometimes a single battle decides everything and sometimes, too, the slightest circumstance decides the issue of a battle. There is a moment in every battle at which the least manoeuvre is decisive and gives superiority, as one drop of water causes overflow.
The basic principle that we must follow in directing the armies of the Republic is this: that they must feed themselves on war at the expense of the alien territory.
The allies we gain by victory will turn against us upon the bare whisper of our defeat.
One bad general is worth two good ones.
In war, moral factors acount for three quarters of the whole; relative material strength accounts for only one quarter.
It should not be believed that a march of three or four days in the wrong direction can be corrected by a countermarch. As a rule, this is to make two mistakes instead of one.
There are in Europe many good generals, but they see too many things at once. I see one thing, namely the alien's main body. I try to crush it, confident that secondary matters will then settle themselves.
If you wage war, do it energetically and with severity. This is the only way to make it shorter and consequently less inhuman.
An army's effectiveness depends on its size, training, experience, and morale, and morale is worth more than any of the other factors combined.
In time of revolution, with perseverance and courage, a soldier should think nothing impossible.
Every means should be taken to attach the soldier to his colours.
War is 90% information.
Even when I am gone, I shall remain in people's minds the star of their rights, my name will be the war cry of their efforts, the motto of their hopes.
We should always go before our enemies with confidence, otherwise our apparent uneasiness inspires them with greater boldness.
Reprisals are but a sad resource.
Charges of cavalry are equally useful at the beginning, the middle and the end of a battle. They should be made always, if possible, on the flanks of the infantry, especially when the latter is engaged in front.
It is easier to brave and threaten, than to conquer an alien.
The object of war is victory, the object of victory is conquest, and the object of conquest is occupation.
Unavailable wars are always just.
In war one must lean on an obstacle in order to overcome it.
The affairs of war, like the destiny of battles, as well as empires, hang upon a spiders thread.
In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
War is a lottery in which nations ought to risk nothing but small amounts.
Terrorism, War & Bankruptcy are caused by the privatization of money, issued as a debt and compounded by interest.
Tis a principle of war that when you can use the lightning, 'tis better than cannon.
The fate of war is to be exalted in the morning, and low enough at night! There is but one step from triumph to ruin.
Providence is always on the side of the last reserve.
War,--the trade of barbarians!
There is only one favorable moment in war; talent consists in knowing how to seize it.
In war, character and opinion make more than half of the reality.
It is exceptional and difficult to find in one man all the qualities necessary for a great general.
Good infantry is without doubt the sinews of an army; but if it has to fight a long time against very superior artillery, it will become demoralized and will be destroyed.
All generals, officers, and soldiers who capitulate in battle to save their own lives should be decimated.
A starving army is actually worse than none.
It is with artillery that war is made.
Better to have a known alien than a forced ally.
It is not set speeches at the moment of battle that render soldiers brave.
At the head of an army, nothing is more becoming than simplicity.
In war the simplest manoeuvres are the best.
War justifies everything.
There are certain things in war of which the commander alone comprehends the importance. Nothing but his superior firmness and ability can subdue and surmount all difficulties.
When defending itself against another country, a nation never lacks men, but too often, soldiers.
You cannot stop me; I spend thirty thousand men a month.
A victorious general must know how to employ severity, justness, and mildness by turns, if he would allay sedition or prevent it.
Victory and disaster establish indestructible bonds between armies and their commanders.
War is cruel to the people, and terrible to the conquered.
What my enemies call a general peace is my destruction. What I call peace is merely the disarmament of my enemies. Am I not more moderate than they?
In war, three-quarters turns on personal character and relations; the balance of manpower and materials counts only for the remaining quarter.
The art of land warfare is an art of genius, of inspiration. On the sea nothing is genius or inspiration; everything is positive or empiric.
Nothing is so important in war as an undivided command.
The admiral needs only one science, that of navigation. The general needs all the sciences.
I have fought sixty battles, and I have learnt nothing which I did not know at the beginning.
Artillery is more essential to cavalry than to infantry, because cavalry has no fire for its defence, but depends on the sabre.
Between a battle lost and a battle won, the distance is immense and there stand empires.
Man, not men, is the most important consideration.
In revolution there are only two sorts of men, those who cause them and those who profit by them.
Insubordination may only be the evidence of a strong mind.
Soldiers! Here is the battle you have so long desired! Henceforth victory depends on you; we have need of it.
The mind of a general ought to resemble and be as clear as the field-glass of a telescope.
An army must have but one line of operations. This must be maintained with care and abandoned only for major reasons.
War is not at all such a difficult art as people think. . . . In reality it would seem that he is vanquished who is afraid of his adversary and the the whole secret lies in that.
